docs(parallel): clarify why separate slots cannot be static and dynamic at the same route segment level (#70386)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/01-routing/11-parallel-routes.mdx

}
```

> However, slots are **not** [route segments](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing#route-segments) and do not affect the URL structure. For example, for `/@analytics/views`, the URL will be `/views` since `@analytics` is a slot. They can instead be thought as _smaller_ "route segment chunks" that can combine together at the same route segment level. Because of this, you cannot have a separate [static](/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components#static-rendering-default) and [dynamic](docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components#dynamic-rendering) slots at the same route segment level. If one slot is dynamic, all slots at that level must be dynamic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, slots are **not** [route segments](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing#route-segments) and do not affect the URL structure. For example, for `/@analytics/views`, the URL will be `/views` since `@analytics` is a slot. Slots are combined with the regular [Page](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/page) component to form the final page associated with the route segment. Because of this, you cannot have separate [static](/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components#static-rendering-default) and [dynamic](docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components#dynamic-rendering) slots at the same route segment level. If one slot is dynamic, all slots at that level must be dynamic.
```
